README.md, before:


# Nelees Website Repository

This repository contains the source files for the official website of **Nelees** – an innovative platform dedicated to open-source and open-hardware community projects.

## Overview

[Nelees.com](https://nelees.com) serves as the central hub for:

- **Showcasing** our products, community contributions, and projects
- **Providing** updates, news, and documentation
- **Engaging** with developers and community members

## Repository Structure

```
.
├── index.html         # Main landing page
├── assets/            # Images, fonts, CSS, JavaScript files
├── docs/              # Documentation and related files
└── additional_dirs/   # Additional directories for modular content
```

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5, CSS3**
- **JavaScript** (vanilla or frameworks if applicable)
- **Bootstrap**, **Tailwind CSS** (optional, if used)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! To contribute:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create your feature branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/new-feature
   ```
3. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add new feature"
   ```
4. Push your branch:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/new-feature
   ```
5. Open a Pull Request.

Please ensure your contributions align with our community guidelines and coding standards.

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter bugs or have feature requests, please open an issue in the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/nelees-com/nelees-www/issues).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For further information or inquiries, contact us at [contact@nelees.com](mailto:contact@nelees.com).

---

**Thank you for supporting open-source and open-hardware initiatives!**

Commit message:

Update to include deployment instructions.

README.md, after:


# Nelees Website Repository

This repository contains the source files for the official website of **Nelees** – an innovative platform dedicated to open-source and open-hardware community projects.

## Overview

[Nelees.com](https://nelees.com) serves as the central hub for:

- **Showcasing** our products, community contributions, and projects
- **Providing** updates, news, and documentation
- **Engaging** with developers and community members

## Repository Structure

```
.
├── default.html       # Main landing page
├── assets/            # Images, fonts, CSS, JavaScript files
├── docs/              # Documentation and related files
└── additional_dirs/   # Additional directories for modular content
```

## Technologies Used

- **HTML5, CSS3**
- **JavaScript** (vanilla or frameworks if applicable)
- **Bootstrap**, **Tailwind CSS** (optional, if used)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! To contribute:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create your feature branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/new-feature
   ```
3. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add new feature"
   ```
4. Push your branch:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/new-feature
   ```
5. Open a Pull Request.

Please ensure your contributions align with our community guidelines and coding standards.
As this basic website uses [cpanel deployment script](https://docs.cpanel.net/knowledge-base/web-services/guide-to-git-set-up-deployment/) please make sure you update the [.cpanel.yml](.cpanel.yml) deployment file to include any new added files or folders. 

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter bugs or have feature requests, please open an issue in the [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/nelees-com/nelees-www/issues).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For further information or inquiries, contact us at [contact@nelees.com](mailto:contact@nelees.com).

---

**Thank you for supporting open-source and open-hardware initiatives!**
